Create example on how to use protected cache. (#562)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: docs/dataservice-cache-example.md

# Cache Example

On this page, find instructions on how to build and run the example project, get partition data, and work with a mutable and protected cache using the HERE Open Location Platform (OLP) SDK for C++.

Before you run the example project, authorize to HERE OLP:

1. On the [Apps & keys](https://platform.here.com/admin/apps) page, copy your application access key ID and access key secret.
   For instructions on how to get the access key ID and access key secret, see the [Get Credentials](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/access-control/user-guide/topics/get-credentials.html) section in the Terms and Permissions User Guide.

> 2. In `examples/main.cpp`, replace the placeholders with your access key ID, access key secret, Here Resource Name (HRN) of the catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In `examples/main.cpp`, replace the placeholders with your access key ID, access key secret, and Here Resource Name (HRN) of the catalog.
```

   ```cpp
   AccessKey access_key{};  // You can put your here.access.key.id and here.access.key.secret
   ```

> ## Build and Run on Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a name="build"></a>Build and Run on Linux
```

>    AccessKey access_key{};  // You can put your here.access.key.id and here.access.key.secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   AccessKey access_key{};  // Your access key ID and access key secret.
```

To build and run the example project on Linux:

1. Enable examples of the `CMake` targets.

   ```bash
   mkdir build && cd build
   cmake -DOLP_SDK_BUILD_EXAMPLES=ON ..
   ```

2. In the **build** folder, build the example project.

   ```bash
   cmake --build . --target dataservice-example
   ```

3. Execute the example project.

   ```bash
   ./examples/dataservice-write/dataservice-example --example cache --key_id "here.access.key.id" --key_secret "here.access.key.secret"
   ```

> 4. To show help. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) To run the example with other parameters, run the help command, and then select the needed parameter.
```

Reviewer: Please address this comment.

   ```bash
   ./examples/dataservice-example --help
   ```

After building and running the example project, you see the following information:

```bash
[INFO] protected-cache-example - Mutable cache path is "none"
[INFO] protected-cache-example - Protected cache path is "/tmp/cata.log_client_example/cache"
[INFO] ThreadPoolTaskScheduler - Starting thread 'OLPSDKPOOL_0'
[INFO] CatalogRepository - cache catalog '@0^0' found!
[INFO] PartitionsCacheRepository - Get 'hrn:here:data::olp-here-test:edge-example-catalog::versioned-world-layer::1::0::partition'
[INFO] PartitionsRepository - cache data 'versioned-world-layer[1]@0^0' found!
[INFO] DataRepository - cache data 'versioned-world-layer[1]@0^0' found!

> [INFO] protected-cache-example - Request partition data - Success, data size - 3375

Reviewer 2: Just a hint: Using GetData() with FetchOptions::CacheOnly should also do the trick and it would be more obvious to the user.

```

## How it works

> ### <a name="authenticate-to-here-olp-using-client-credentials"></a>Authenticate to HERE OLP Using Client Credentials

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Authenticate to HERE OLP Using Client Credentials
```
AFAIK, there's no need to add an extra anchor as `[Take me there](#take-me-there)` automatically anchors the header `Take me there` and the given link.

To authenticate using client credentials:

1. Get your platform credentials. For instructions, see the [Get Credentials](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/access-control/user-guide/topics/get-credentials.html) section in the Terms and Permissions User Guide.

   You get the `credentials.properties` file.

2. Initialize the authentification settings using the **here.access.key.іd** and **here.access.key.secret** from the `credentials.properties` file as `access_key.id` and `access_key.secret` respectively.

   ```cpp
   olp::authentication::Settings  settings({access_key.id, access_key.secret});
   settings.task_scheduler = task_scheduler;
   settings.network_request_handler = http_client;
   ```

3. To get the OAuth 2.0 token from OLP, set up the `AuthenticationSettings` object with a default token provider.

   ```cpp
   olp::client::AuthenticationSettings auth_settings;
   auth_settings.provider =
     olp::authentication::TokenProviderDefault(std::move(settings));
   ```

You can use the `TokenProvider` object to create the `OlpClientSettings` object. For more information, see [Create OlpClientSettings](#create-olpclientsettings).

> ### <a name="create-olpclientsettings"></a>Create `OlpClientSettings`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Create `OlpClientSettings`
```
AFAIK, there's no need to add an extra anchor as `[Take me there](#take-me-there)` automatically anchors the header `Take me there` and the given link.

You need to create the `OlpClientSettings` object to get catalog and partition metadata and retrieve versioned and volatile layer data from OLP.

To create the `OlpClientSettings` object:

1. To perform requests asynchronously, create the `TaskScheduler` object.

   ```cpp
   std::shared_ptr<olp::thread::TaskScheduler> task_scheduler =
         olp::client::OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultTaskScheduler(1u);
   ```

2. To internally operate with the OLP services, create the `Network` client.

   ```cpp
   std::shared_ptr<olp::http::Network> http_client = olp::client::
        OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultNetworkRequestHandler();
   ```

   > **Note:** The `Network` client is designed and intended to be shared.

3. [Authenticate](#authenticate-to-here-olp-using-client-credentials) to OLP.

> 4. Set up the `OlpClientSettings` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set up the `OlpClientSettings` object with the path to the needed cache settings properties (disk space, the limit of runtime memory, maximum file size, in-memory data cache size, options, paths).
  For instructions on how to get the path to the cache settings, see the [Build and Run on Linux](#build) section.
  > **Note:** Perform the first call with the valid mutable cache path, and second call – with the protected cache path.
```

   ```cpp
   client_settings.cache =
       olp::client::OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultCache(cache_settings);
   ```

The `cache_settings` specifies cache properties(disk space, limit of runtime memory, max file size, in-memory data cache size, options, pathes).

> First call performed with valid mutable cache path, second call with protected cache path.

Reviewer: Added to the previous comment.
Please delete here.

>   > **Note:** Perform the first call with the valid mutable cache path, and second call – with the protected cache path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note:** Perform the first call with the valid mutable cache path, and the second call – with the protected cache path.
```

### Get Partition Data from a Versioned Layer with mutable cache

You can request any data version from a [versioned layer](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/data-user-guide/portal/layers/layers.html#versioned-layers). When you request a particular version of data from the versioned layer, the partition you receive in the response may have a lower version number than you requested. The version of a layer or partition represents the catalog version in which the layer or partition was last updated.

> To get data from the versioned layer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get data from the versioned layer with mutable cache:
```

1. Get an access key ID and access key secret. For instructions, see [Authenticate to HERE OLP Using Client Credentials](#authenticate-to-here-olp-using-client-credentials).

> 2. Create the `OlpClientSettings` object. For instructions, see [Create OLP Client Settings](#create-olpclientsettings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the `OlpClientSettings` object with the path to the mutable cache settings. For instructions, see [Create OLP Client Settings](#create-olpclientsettings).
```

3. Create the `VersionedLayerClient` object with the HERE Resource Name (HRN) of the catalog that contains the layer, the layer ID, and the OLP client settings from step 2.

   ```cpp
   olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient layer_client(
   olp::client::HRN(kCatalogHRN), layer_id, client_settings);
   ```

4. Create the `DataRequest` object with the layer version and partition ID.

   > **Note:** If a catalog version is not specified, the latest version is used.

   ```cpp
   auto request = olp::dataservice::read::DataRequest()
                    .WithPartitionId(first_partition_id)
                    .WithBillingTag(boost::none);
   ```

5. Call the `GetRequest` method with the `DataRequest` parameter.

   ```cpp
   auto future = layer_client.GetData(request);
   ```

6. Wait for the `DataResponse` future.

   ```cpp
   olp::dataservice::read::DataResponse data_response =
   future.GetFuture().get();
   ```

The `DataResponse` object holds details of the completed operation and is used to determine operation success and access resultant data:

> - `IsSuccessful()` &ndash; if the operation is successful, returns `true`. Otherwise, returns `false`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `IsSuccessful()` – if the operation is successful, returns `true`. Otherwise, returns `false`.
```

> - `GetResult()`&ndash; if the operation is successful, returns the following resultant data: `olp::dataservice::read::DataResult`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `GetResult()` – if the operation is successful, returns the following resultant data: `olp::dataservice::read::DataResult`
```

> - `GetError()` &ndash; contains error information as a result of an error in the `olp::client::ApiError` object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `GetError()` – contains error information as a result of an error in the `olp::client::ApiError` object.
```

```cpp
if (data_response.IsSuccessful()) {
    const auto& response_result = data_response.GetResult();
    // Handle success
} else {
    data_response.GetError().GetErrorCode();
    // Handle fail
}
```

> Recived data are stored in cache. Path to cache you can find under log message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The received data is stored in the cache. You can find the path to the cache in the log message.
```

   ```bash
   [INFO] protected-cache-example - Mutable cache path is "/tmp/cata.log_client_example/cache"
   ```

> ### Get Partition Data with protected cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get Partition Data from a Versioned Layer with a Protected Cache
```

> 1. Run the same steps as for 'Get Partition Data from a Versioned Layer with mutable cache', but with changed path to protected cache equal mutable cache path from previous run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get an access key ID and access key secret. For instructions, see [Authenticate to HERE OLP Using Client Credentials](#authenticate-to-here-olp-using-client-credentials).

2. Create the `OlpClientSettings` object with the path to the protected cache settings. For instructions, see [Create OLP Client Settings](#create-olpclientsettings).

3. Do steps 3–6 of the instruction on how to [get partition data from a versioned layer with a mutable cache](#get-partition-data-mutable) .
```

    ```bash
    [INFO] protected-cache-example - Mutable cache path is "none"
    [INFO] protected-cache-example - Protected cache path is "/tmp/cata.log_client_example/cache"
    [INFO] ThreadPoolTaskScheduler - Starting thread 'OLPSDKPOOL_0'
    [INFO] CatalogRepository - cache catalog '@0^0' found!
    [INFO] PartitionsCacheRepository - Get 'hrn:here:data::olp-here-test:edge-example-catalog::versioned-world-layer::1::0::partition'
    [INFO] PartitionsRepository - cache data 'versioned-world-layer[1]@0^0' found!
    [INFO] DataRepository - cache data 'versioned-world-layer[1]@0^0' found!
    [INFO] protected-cache-example - Request partition data - Success, data size - 3375
    ```

> The requested data was found in protected cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The requested data is stored in the protected cache.
```

Reviewer: Please, put thsese sentences before the log message.

> 3. Do steps 3–6 of the instruction on how to [get partition data from a versioned layer with a mutable cache](#get-partition-data-mutable), but for protected cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Do steps 3–6 of the instruction on how to [get partition data from a versioned layer with a mutable cache](#get-partition-data-mutable).
```
